Update notification-integrations.mdx (#7144)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/notifications/notification-integrations.mdx

      Upon a successful connection, ServiceNow incident table columns are fetched from your account and automatically mapped to your ServiceNow instance.

>       To help you get started, we automatically populate the required and recommended fields and values. Required fields must be set with a value.
>       You can add or remove optional fields using the `X` mark on their right side. 
>       You can enter a custom value for supporting fields using freetext or a dynamic value from the issue payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To help you get started, the required and recommended fields are pre-populated with default values.

      When you add a custom value for a supported field, you can add a dynamic value from the issue payload or write your own value.

    You can remove any non-required field and add your own.
```
